[Autogenerated] all right.
Hopefully you're hanging in.
There were just now gonna finish up this last bit of services
and capabilities under instances and notes.
The first capability is state manager Now.
We kind of looked at this a little bit previously,
but let's talk about it a little bit more.
State Manager allows us to have secure and scalable
configuration to automate processes revolving around E.
C two and are managed instances on Prem.
So let's just go ahead and walk through creating an association.
We would give it a name.
We would specify a document.
So what this does is it allows us to specify what we want to do.
So let's just say we want to go ahead and apply Sum's Chef
recipes whenever this association occurs.
So I choose apply chef recipes.
We specify a source type, so get hub or s three.
In this case, we specify the source info.
So what file are we looking for?
And then these air all specific to chef,
So I'm not going to dive into them too much.
But if I go back and I select a different document for us to use,
like let's say we want to configure Docker.
On the instance you'll see the parameters change.
So now we can install or uninstall docker and we can specify are targets.
So hey, I want to go ahead and install Docker on all prod.
Resource is in this prod resource group.
We could specify a schedule or we can just run it once,
and the schedule is similar to what you've seen.
There's Cron, theres rate, and then there's expression.
So what I'll do is I'll do no schedule.
We can specify our compliance severity levels.
So if this doesn't work, what category under compliance with this show up at?
So let's say I want to make it critical.
We can specify a Ray control once again and we can write toe S three as needed.
So what I would do is I would create association and you
can see it's actually already done.
It's successful.
We can see our target values are propagated here,
and we've already looked at some of these taps,
so I'm not going to go through these again.
But what this allows us to do is create a reusable association so we
can perform certain actions leveraging AWS Systems manager documents to
perform actions on those e C two instances or are hybrid on Prem
instances now building off of that, Let's dive into Patch Manager.
This is a very popular service, and it's used heavily by operations.
Teams Patch Manager allows us to automate are patching processes on our
managed instances so weaken do so we can essentially offload,
are patching procedures to a W S systems manager,
and we can automate it from there.
Now what this does is it uses patch baselines and a patch
baseline is essentially a set of rules for approvals of
patches that you want to apply.
You'll see that AWS provides several defaults that you can use.
So if I just open up this Amazon Lennox to default patch baseline,
we can see these details.
So the description of it in the different settings and
then we have our approval rules.
So this is where we can get a little bit more specific.
So for patches that are security based and critical or important,
we wanna wait seven days and then we'll auto approve those patches for install.
And then, if it's a bug fix with any severity level,
I want to wait seven days a swell Now we can also specify an exception,
which they don't do here.
And they also don't specify a secondary patch source.
So let's actually go back and let's create a patch baseline of our own.
Let me go in here and type in plural site.
We specify the operating system,
and you can see there are several different types.
I'm just gonna choose what I have running,
and we can set this as the default for Amazon Lennix.
Two instances Now they give you a warning saying,
Hey, really make sure you understand what's going on before doing this,
because Amazon uses their own defaults that work in our
controlled and guaranteed by them.
But if I wanted to,
I could set my own and keep this that if all now all de select
that and let's go down to approval rules.
So this is where we add those rules that we saw where it
specifies what kind of products and what kind of severity
levels we want to work with.
So if it's a security and critical patch,
weaken auto approved after either a certain number of days,
or we can approve all patches released up to a specific date.
So anything before and on this date will auto approve.
Now we can have compliance reporting.
So if this doesn't work or some of our instances are
not in sync with our patch baseline,
what category do we want to report this at in our compliance tab over here?
And then finally, we have include non security.
So if we wanted to, we get also include non security updates to be installed.
So this is where we can have up to nine mawr rules.
So let's just say we want to do low and bug fixes and
enhancements and I wanna wait just five days for that.
We can specify patch exceptions.
So if we knew a patch name here,
we could enter it and this would automatically be approved and it would bypass
these settings that we set up here in our approval rules.
We show the compliance level once again if necessary,
and we can do the same thing with non security updates.
Now we can also inter rejected patches.
So no matter what,
which patches do we want to explicitly reject so they never get installed.
And to build on this, we can actually decide.
Hey, let's go ahead and allow this if it's a dependency of another package.
So, for instance,
of this approved patch here had a dependency on a
patch that we specify and rejected.
We can allow it to go ahead and get installed,
Otherwise we can just block it completely.
We can say, Hey, don't ever install this no matter what.
And this brings us to our patch sources so we could enter a source here and
let's just say plural site Repo we could select all products.
And then what we would do is we would specify this little file here,
which is a symptom which in this case is essentially a
young config for young based repost.
So we're just saying, Hey,
look here for the cash and configure this main configuration repo that
we want to source are patches from so you can add several different
sources if you have your own controlled repositories and you can do that
via this menu here or command line.
So this is very helpful for compliance based environments where
they need to control what patches are available.
Now I'll remove this.
We can add tags if we wanted to.
And then we would just create our patch baseline and I forgot to fill this out.
So let me go back here and change this to seven.
I'll click back on, create and there we go.
We've now created our patch baseline.
So if I goto view details,
we can see the rules we specified right here in the middle.
Now, I didn't specify any sources, but if I did, they would show up here.
And let's actually just go ahead and do that just to see what it looks like.
So add in these details here, I'll save it.
And if I go back in, we should see our patch source and we dio.
So that's how you can configure your own custom patch baseline
to be used with S S M document automation.
So if I go back to patch Manager, click on configure patching.
This is where we can set up a patching schedule and our targets so
we can select a patch group which doesnt exist.
Yet we could specify tags.
We could specify a patch group and to do a patch group.
What we would do is we would go to our instances that are managed.
Let me go ahead and go here.
And you would essentially add a tag over here on the left so I would
call this Patch group and then I would give it a name.
So I'll do prod here, I'll click on Save.
And then this would add this instance to a patch group of pride.
So now if I cancel out and I go back in here if we gave this enough time,
this would show up in our patch group selection.
Now it hasn't propagated yet, so it doesn't show up,
but we would see a patch group of prod here that we could use.
Now the next option we have is we can select manually,
so I'll go ahead and do that for this demo.
And then we set up a patching schedule.
So do we want to use an existing maintenance window,
which we talked about earlier?
Do we want to schedule in a new one and create our new window here?
Or do we want to skip that?
Don't schedule anything and patch it now?
It's also like patch now, weaken skin and install or just scan on Lee.
I'll choose scan and install, and then we have some additional settings.
If we were using Patch Group now, I'll go ahead.
I'll click configure, patching.
And what's happening now is you can see Patch Manager will use run command,
which we looked at to patch are instances.
So if I go to view details,
you can see this is running now this is using the default patch baseline,
so it's not using our custom one.
But if we set our custom one to default than this
document would be running that.
So what is happening here is this is running some patch updates on
our platform and it's successful and you can see one of the steps
was skipped because it was for Windows.
So it only did the Lennix instance commands.
So I'm not gonna wait for this to finish,
and this clip is starting to get a little bit lengthy.
So let's go ahead and break here and in the next clip will have a quick discussion on distributor